Clarify that a dataset spec defines an n-dimensional array (#51)
hdmf-dev/hdmf-schema-language: source/description.rst

        quantity: Optional quantity identifier for the group (default=1).
        attributes: Optional list of attribute specifications describing the attributes of the group

A dataset specification defines an n-dimensional array. Similar to attributes,
datasets describe the storage of arbitrary n-dimensional array data. However, in
contrast to attributes, datasets are not associated with a specific parent group or
dataset object but are (similar to groups) primary data objects (and as such

> typically manage larger data than attributes). The ``dtype``, ``shape``, and ``dims``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
datasets describe the storage of arbitrary n-dimensional array data. However, in
contrast to attributes, datasets are primary data objects that typically manage
larger amounts of data and can itself carry attributes. Datasets are always
located inside a group (and in the basic case, the root `/` group).
The ``dtype``, ``shape``, and ``dims``
```

This statement is incorrect. Datasets do always have a parent, i.e., datasets are always in a Group (even if that group is the root). The main difference is that datasets can have attributes and that they are designed to store large data (whereas attributes have a size limit in HDF5).

Author: Ah, yes. I'll make the change with line breaks (note that that was the original text).

keys always describe this array payload; omitting ``shape``/``dims`` means the array
may have any shape, and omitting ``dtype`` means the array may have any dtype. A
scalar dataset is represented as a 0-dimensional array (see :numref:`sec-shape` for
how to specify a scalar shape). APIs that represent datasets must expose this array

> in a field. This field is conventionally named ``data``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
how to specify a scalar shape).
```

How a dataset is exposed may differ based on the programming language (C++, Matlab, Python etc.) and API design, i.e., I think we should not encode API behavior in the schema language.

Author: While I agree, I was trying to clarify https://github.com/NeurodataWithoutBorders/nwb-schema/pull/623#issuecomment-2864024767 . Maybe it is better documented in the HDF5 storage mapping docs, but no one ever looks there.

Reviewer: Could you please clarify the statement. What is the term `field` referring to and why this relevant? Any data object must be exposed by the API in some form. Is this referring to if the dataset is represented by a class in the API? If so, that is very specific to the object-oriented case and really only applies if the dataset has a neurodata_type and is exposed as a separate class, since untyped datasets are just exposed by their assigned `name` on the parent Group, so the comment about calling it `data` does not seem apply in that case.

Author: I agree that this is very specific to the object-oriented case and really only applies if the dataset has a neurodata_type and is exposed as a separate class. This text is more appropriate in each backend's storage mapping docs. I'll remove it.
